add-theatre PVR Delhi
add-theatre PVR Mumbai
add-theatre Inox Delhi
add-theatre Inox Mumbai
add-theatre Cinepolis Delhi
list-theatres Delhi
list-theatres Mumbai
list-theatres Chennai
add-hall 1 PVRDelhiAV1
add-hall 1 PVRDelhiAV2
add-hall 2 PVRMumbaiAV1
add-hall 2 PVRMumbaiAV2
add-hall 3 InoxDelhiAV1
add-hall 3 InoxDelhiAV2
add-hall 4 InoxMumbaiAV1
add-hall 4 InoxMumbaiAV2
add-hall 5 CinepolisDelhiAV1
add-hall 5 CinepolisDelhiAV2
add-seats 1 13 SILVER
add-seats 2 10 SILVER
add-seats 3 23 SILVER
add-seats 4 20 SILVER
add-seats 5 33 SILVER
add-seats 6 30 SILVER
add-seats 7 13 GOLD
add-movie DDLJ Hindi Romance
add-movie K3G Hindi Drama
add-movie TSM Hindi Action
add-movie KGF Hindi Action
add-movie PK Hindi Comedy
add-movie GOT Hindi Drama


